A lot has been achieved in our project our course project your energy our access controlling a huge
portion of our application state already.
Now before we dive into the last module of this app which is d recipe's modular we can alter control
state via MDR X..
I want to share two over libraries or packages part of DNG Arctic's ecosystem system with you and I
want to highlight one important decision I made in this whole course.
Let's start with that important decision.
A lot of the things we handle in our application are now controlled via and your ex alaap the state
of our application is controlled through it.
But there also are portions of the state which are not controlled through NTR X for example in the off
section and the sign up component.
If we look at the age team of fall here do you see something in the template where we actually also
change something we could call state well here for the button when we disable it when the form is not
valid.
The question whether the form is valid or not is all kind of our application state.
It's part of our application state.
It certainly is a different state in our application when the form is valid.
Then when it does not however does a so-called local you eyes state it's only relevant to this component's
template.
The question whether this form is valid or not is not important for our header or anything else in our
application.
Hence we handle it in this UI in this template but directly binding a property to its state to the validity
of the form.
In theory we could set up a listener listening for value changes in our form dispatch actions to anti-art
X and change some valid property there from forth and back and then use stack which we select to toggle
this button.
But there's just no need to do so.
And that's the key takeaway I want to give you if you would only handle locally you eyes state if you
have state which only affects the UI or the template of a component.
You probably don't need to use ngi are x.
Use ngi are X for any state which spans multiple components which is important in your whole app which
is important to add more than just one component.
These are the places these are the moments where using energy or X can really improve your app because
as you can already see was it was a significant amount of work to get it started.
Now today everything is set up selecting and dispatching actions is actually super simple and everything
is managed for us.
We don't need to subscribe to any event and make sure that we react to it.
We can simply select slices of our state or dispatch actions but only you and your ex if it makes sense.
Now what about the average two packages I was mentioning.
Let's dive into these.